org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/spi/FlinkIoModule.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.spi.FlinkIoModule
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.spi.FlinkIoModule$Binder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/KinesisEgress.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KinesisEgress
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KinesisEgress$1
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/TargetFunctionType.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.TargetFunctionType
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.TargetFunctionType$1
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.TargetFunctionType$Builder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/datastream/SourceSinkModule.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.datastream.SourceSinkModule
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.datastream.SourceSinkModule$1
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.datastream.SourceSinkModule$SinkSourceProvider
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/Routable.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.Routable
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.Routable$1
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/datastream/SourceFunctionSpec.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.datastream.SourceFunctionSpec
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/spi/JsonEgressSpec.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.spi.JsonEgressSpec
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/datastream/SinkFunctionSpec.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.datastream.SinkFunctionSpec
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/AutoRoutableOrBuilder.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.AutoRoutableOrBuilder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/kinesis/PolyglotKinesisIOTypes.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.kinesis.PolyglotKinesisIOTypes
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/kafka/KafkaEgressTypes.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.kafka.KafkaEgressTypes
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/RoutingConfig.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.RoutingConfig
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.RoutingConfig$1
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.RoutingConfig$Builder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/RoutingConfigOrBuilder.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.RoutingConfigOrBuilder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/KafkaProducerRecordOrBuilder.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KafkaProducerRecordOrBuilder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/KafkaEgress.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KafkaEgress
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KafkaEgress$1
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/KinesisEgressRecord.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KinesisEgressRecord
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KinesisEgressRecord$1
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KinesisEgressRecord$Builder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/spi/SourceProvider.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.spi.SourceProvider
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/AutoRoutable.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.AutoRoutable
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.AutoRoutable$1
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.AutoRoutable$Builder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/spi/JsonIngressSpec.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.spi.JsonIngressSpec
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/KinesisEgressRecordOrBuilder.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KinesisEgressRecordOrBuilder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/spi/SinkProvider.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.spi.SinkProvider
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/kafka/ProtobufKafkaIngressTypes.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.kafka.ProtobufKafkaIngressTypes
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/TargetFunctionTypeOrBuilder.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.TargetFunctionTypeOrBuilder
org/apache/flink/statefun/flink/io/generated/KafkaProducerRecord.java
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KafkaProducerRecord
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KafkaProducerRecord$1
 org.apache.flink.statefun.flink.io.generated.KafkaProducerRecord$Builder
